Perplexity.
Personal computer update is insane.
Perplexity just dropped something that
changes everything about how AI works on
your computer. This isn't another
chatbot. This isn't another browser
tool. This is an AI that runs 24/7 on
your machine, knows your files, your
apps, your history, and works for you
even when you're asleep. It's called
personal computer. And by the end of
this video, you're going to see exactly
why this is one of the biggest AI drops
of the year. Now, let's get into this
because it is wild. So, what exactly is
Perplexity Personal Computer? Here's the
simple version. You know how AI tools
right now, you open them, you ask a
question, they answer, and then they
forget everything the second you close
the tab. Personal computer is the
opposite of that. It's always on, it's
always running, it lives on a Mac mini
that sits on your desk or in your home,
and it knows everything about how you
work, your files, your folders, your
apps, your browser, your calendar, all
of it. Think of it like hiring a
full-time assistant, but instead of
paying them a salary, they just run
quietly in the background 24 hours a
day, 7 days a week on a small computer
the size of a book. That's personal
computer. Now, here's where it gets
interesting, and I want to make sure you
understand why this matters so much.
Hey, if we haven't met already, I'm the
digital avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of
SEO agency Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment. So, make sure you comment
below. Right now, most AI tools have
what's called a session. You open the
tool, you work, you close it, and the AI
has zero memory of what just happened.
Every single time you come back, you're
starting from scratch. You're
reexplaining your business. You're
re-uploading your files. You're re-iving
context. That is a massive time killer.
personal computer kills that problem
completely because it's running all the
time. It builds context over time. It
learns your workflow. It understands
what you're working on and it can take
action, not just answer questions. We're
going to get into exactly what that
means in a second. But stick with me
because this next part is where it gets
really powerful. If you want to learn
how to automate your business using
tools like Plexity personal computer and
build the kind of systems that run 247
so you don't have to, the AI profit
boardroom is where that happens. Links
in the comment and description. Okay, so
let's talk about what personal computer
actually does. First thing, it works
across your files and apps. This isn't
just a web search tool. It can see your
documents. It can interact with your
apps. So, if you got a folder full of
client files, notes, SOPs, spreadsheets,
personal computer can read all of that
and use it to help you. For something
like the AI profit boardroom, that is
huge. Imagine you've got 50 pieces of
content, landing page copy, email
sequences, community posts, sales
scripts, all sitting in folders on your
Mac. Instead of digging through
everything manually, you just ask
personal computer, find the best
performing landing page copy we've used,
and write me a new version based on
that. Done. instantly. No tab switching,
no copy pasting, no wasting 45 minutes
on a task that should take two. Second
thing, it uses Perplexity's AI with
real-time web search baked in. So, it's
not just working with your local files.
It can also pull live information from
the internet at the same time. That
means if you're working on a content
strategy and you want to know what's
trending in AI automation right now, it
can combine your internal documents with
live search results all in one answer.
That's something no other local AI tool
does this cleanly right now. Third thing
I see, and this one is big, I it's
designed to be private and secure. One
of the biggest objections people have to
using AI with their real business files
is, is this safe? Who's seeing my data?
With personal computer, everything runs
locally on your Mac Mini. Your files
don't get uploaded to some random cloud
server. It's your machine, your data,
your control. For anyone running a
business, managing client files, or
handling sensitive community data, that
matters a lot. Now, let me walk you
through a real world example of how
you'd actually use this for growing a
business like the AI profit boardroom.
Let's say you're trying to grow your
community and you want to build a
stronger onboarding flow for new
members. Right now, without personal
computer, here's what you do. You'd open
your Google Drive and dig through old
files, open your email tool, open your
AI chatbot, switch between tabs, copy
paste everything, spend 30 minutes just
pulling the information together before
you even start writing with personal
computer. Here's what you do instead.
You say, "Look at our current onboarding
documents and our best community welcome
emails. Then search for what top online
communities are doing for on board units
in 2025. Write me a new five-step
onboarding sequence for the AI profit
boardroom that gets new members active
in the first 48 hours. And it does it
right there. Pulling from your files and
the web. No switching, no wasting time.
That's the kind of AI leverage that
actually moves the needle. Now, here's
something I want you to notice about
what Perplexity is doing here
strategically. Every other big AI
company, Open AI, Google, Anthropic,
they're all building cloud first
products. Their AI lives on their
servers. You connect to it, you use it,
you disconnect. Perplexity is going a
different direction. They're saying,
"What if the AI lived with you? What if
it was local, personal, persistent?"
That is a completely different
philosophy, and it's one that a lot of
people have been waiting for. Because
here's the truth. The most powerful
version of AI isn't one that answers
questions. Is one that knows you,
understands your workflow, and takes
action without you having to explain
everything from the beginning every
single time. Personal computer is the
first real attempt at making that happen
at a consumer level. And look, the this
is still early. There are things we
don't fully know yet about exactly how
far the automation capabilities go, how
it handles complex multi-step tasks, and
how the pricing plays out over time. But
the direction is undeniable. We are
moving from AI as a tool you open to AI
as a system that runs your work for you.
And the people who understand that shift
right now and start building their
workflows around it are going to have an
enormous advantage over everyone who's
still treating AI like a fancy search
engine. Now, here's something I want to
leave you with that connects all of
this. The biggest unlock with AI,
whether it's personal computer or any
other tool, isn't the technology itself.
It's knowing what to do with it. Because
you can have the most powerful AI system
on the planet sitting on your desk and
if you don't know how to prompt it right
or structure your workflows around it or
use it to actually grow your business,
it's just an expensive box. That's why
inside the AI profit boardroom, we go
deep on exactly this stuff. Not just
here's a cool AI tool, but here's how
you actually deploy it to get more
customers, build better systems, and
scale your business with AI automation.
All right, let's bring it all together.
perplexity.
Personal computer is a continuously
running AI that lives on a Mac Mini,
works across your files and apps, uses
real-time web search, and is built for
privacy. It's always on. It knows your
workflow, and it can take action for you
around the clock. This is not a minor
update. This is a different category of
AI product. The sessionbased AI era is
ending. The persistent personal AI era
is starting. And the best thing you can
do right now is start learning how to
build around it before everyone else
catches up. Look, here's the bottom
line. AI is not slowing down. It's not
plateauing. Every single month, there's
something new that makes the previous
version look basic. Perplexity. Personal
computer is proof of that. We went from
AI that answers questions to AI that
lives on your machine, knows your work,
and runs for you around the clock. That
is a massive leap. And the gap between
people who are adapting to these tools
right now and people who are ignoring
them is getting bigger every single
week. So don't sit on the sidelines.
Start testing. Start building because
the people who figure this out early are
the ones who going to have the biggest
advantage when everyone else finally
catches up. Now if you want the full
process SOPs and over a 100 AI use cases
like this one, join the AI profit
boardroom. Learn how to automate your
workflows with tools like Perplexity,
personal computer, and scale your
business with AI automation. The link is
in the comments and description. And if
you want free access to all the video
notes, prompts, and a community of
45,000 members who are crushing it with
AI, join the AI success lab. It's
completely free. Link is in the comments
and description. And you'll get
everything from this video, plus way
more in